  Write down the program for the following problem: Tea/Coffee vending machine.

Description: Assumptions

1. Vending machine has 5 containers which contain: Milk, Water, tea leaves, coffee powder and sugar 
2. Coffee and tea both require a fixed amount of the above ingredients.
3. User can opt for:
    Strong Coffee
    Light Coffee 
    Strong Tea
    Light Tea

4. For each beverage user can choose with or without sugar.
5. Allow user to dispense multiple cup for each serving.
6. Each of these would require varying quantities of sugar, coffee powder, Tea leaves, etc.
7. As the Vending machine dispenses tea or coffee to each user, the stock for raw materials goes on reducing.

Total capacity of the machine for Raw materials is:
Particular : Tea leaves
Capacity of the machine : 500 units.(cut off limit: 50 Units) 
Cost price per unit : Rs.1

Particular : Coffee Powder
Capacity of the machine : 500 units.(cut off limit: 50 Units) 
Cost price per unit :Rs.2

Particular : Sugar
Capacity of the machine : 600 units.(cut off limit: 50 Units) 
Cost price per unit : Rs.1.5

Particular : milk
Capacity of the machine : 8000 units.(cut off limit: 400 Units) 
Cost price per unit :Rs.0.15

Particular : water
Capacity of the machine : 15000 units.(cut off limit: 600 Units) 
Cost price per unit : Rs.0.02


Raw material required for each serving is given below:
Item : Strong Coffee
Sugar : 2
Milk : 50
Coffee Powder : 4
Tea Leaves : 0
Water : 100
Selling Price per Unit : Rs.17.5

Item : light Coffee
Sugar : 1.5
Milk : 60
Coffee Powder : 2
Tea Leaves : 0
Water : 100
Selling Price per Unit : Rs.16.5

Item : Strong Tea
Sugar : 2
Milk : 30
Coffee Powder : 0
Tea Leaves : 4
Water : 150
Selling Price per Unit : Rs.15.50

Item : Light tea
Sugar : 1.5
Milk : 40
Coffee Powder : 0
Tea Leaves : 3
Water : 150
Selling Price per Unit : Rs.15




 For every 200 units of milk served, loss of 10 units of milk is incurred due to leakage. 
 For every 500 units of water served, loss of 25 units of water is incurred due to leakage.

The Application Should:

1. Dispense tea and coffee according to the options selected by the user

-Corresponding stock of raw materials should decrease and should be displayed to the User

2. Allow user to dispense multiple cup for each serving

3. When the stock goes below a fixed cut-off value, warning should be raised, to indicate that a stock refill should be done - Machine should allow to dispense the beverage, if possible, even after reaching cut-off

4. Have an option of re-filling stock. User can refill the stock any time

- Allow the user to set the refill quantity
5. Should report at the time of closing, how much stock(In Units) of each raw material was used, and how much is there in the machine

6. How many cups of tea and coffee were sold/dispensed at the time of closing

7. What is the profit/loss for the day

8. How many units of milk and water is lost because of leakage

9. Leakage should be compensated while serving the beverage

Evaluation Criteria :
 Requirements - Requirements fulfillment up to report generation

Logic Logic - used while solving problem

Validation - Proper validation with input parameters


Points for executing vending machine

1. No UI application should be Console base 2. Exit from Application only if Exit menu is selected

3. Refer evaluation criteria given in the problem statement 4. Application should be menu driven as shown below.

Select an option to process

1. Dispense beverage 

2. Refill Containers

3. Show Report

4. Exit

Enter Option no.:

For 1. Dispense beverage Select a beverage

Light Coffee

Strong Coffee 

Light Tea

Strong Tea

Enter beverage :

No of cups:

with sugar:

For 2. Refill Containers Select a ingradient

water (w)

Milk

tea

Coffee

Sugar

Enter Ingradient : No of units:

For 3. Show Report Remaining Qty of each ingradient :

Used Qty of each ingradient : Loss due to leakage of water:

Loss due to leakage of milk: No of cups sold of each beverage:

Total Cost amount:

Total Sale amount : Profit Loss:

for 4. exit.

